{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs56 LITERATURE SURVEY\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\fs24 MAHIMAA DEVI.M\par
BHAVATHARANI.D\par
DANUSHRI.B\par
ABHARANAH.R\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc PROJECT TITLE: Estimate The Crop Yield Using Data Analytics\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 PROBLEM STATEMENT:\par
Crop production in India is one of the most important sources of income and India is one of the top countries to produce crops. As per this project we will be analyzing some important visualization, creating a dashboard and by going through these we will get most of the insights of Crop production in India.\par
REFERRED JOURNALS:\par
\trowd\trgaph72\trleft135\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2055\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx3975\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx7065\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8820 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1 AUTHOR \fs56\cell\fs24 TITLE\fs56\cell\fs24 CONTENT\fs56\cell\fs24 PUBLISHED\fs56\cell\row\trowd\trgaph72\trleft135\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2055\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx3975\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx7065\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8820 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 1.B.M. Sagar, Cauvery N K\cell Agriculture Data Analytics in Crop Yield Estimation: A Critical Review\cell Agriculture is important for human survival because it serves the basic need. A well-known fact that the majority of population (\f1\u8805?\f0 55%) in India is into agriculture. Due to variations in climatic conditions, there exist bottlenecks for increasing the crop production in India. It has become challenging task to achieve desired targets in Agri based crop yield. Factors like climate, geographical conditions, economic and political conditions are to be considered which have direct impact on the production, productivity of the crops. Crop yield prediction is one of the important factors in agriculture practices. Farmers need information regarding crop yield before sowing seeds in their fields to achieve enhanced crop yield. The use of technology in agriculture has increased in recent year and data analytics is one such trend that has penetrated into the agriculture field being used for management of crop yield and monitoring crop health. The recent trends in the domain of agriculture have made the people to understand the significance of          Big data. The main challenge using big data in agriculture is identification of impact and effectiveness of big data analytics.  Efforts are going on to understand how big data analytics can be used to improve the productivity in agricultural practices. The analysis of data related to agriculture helps in crop yield prediction, crop health monitoring and other such related activities. In literature, there exist several studies related to the use of data analytics in the agriculture domain. The present study gives insights on various data analytics methods applied to crop yield prediction. The work also signifies the important lacunae points\rquote  in the proposed area of research.\par
\lang9\cell December 2018-Indonesian Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs56\par
\trowd\trgaph72\trleft135\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2220\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx4140\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx7050\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8475 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 2.Loubna Rabhi\fs56\cell\fs24 Digital agriculture based on big data analytics: a focus on predictive irrigation for smart farming in Morocco\fs56\cell\fs24 Due to the spead of objects connected to the internet and objects connected to each other, agriculture nowadays knows a huge volume of data exchanged called big data. Therefore, this paper discusses connected agriculture or agriculture 4.0 instead of a traditional one. As irrigation is one of the foremost challenges in agriculture, it is also moved from manual watering towards smart watering based on big data analytics where the farmer can water crops regularly and without wastage even remotely. The method used in this paper combines big data, remote sensing and data mining algorithms (neural network and support vector machine). In this paper, we are interfacing the databricks platform based on the apache Spark tool for using machine learning to predict the soil drought based on detecting the soil moisture and temperature.\fs56\cell\fs24 Indonesian Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science\fs56\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\trowd\trgaph72\trleft135\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2220\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx4140\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx7050\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8475 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 3.Jharna Majumdar\fs56\cell\fs24 Analysis of agriculture data using data mining techniques: application of big data\fs56\cell\fs24 In agriculture sector where farmers and agribusinesses have to make innumerable decisions every day and intricate complexities involves the various factors influencing them. An essential issue for agricultural planning intention is the accurate yield estimation for the numerous crops involved in the planning. Data mining techniques are necessary approach for accomplishing practical and effective solutions for this problem. Agriculture has been an obvious target for big data. Environmental conditions, variability in soil, input levels, combinations and commodity prices have made it all the more relevant for farmers to use information and get help to make critical farming decisions. This paper focuses on the analysis of the agriculture data and finding optimal parameters to maximize the crop production using data mining techniques like PAM, CLARA, DBSCAN and Multiple Linear Regression. Mining the large amount of existing crop, soil and climatic data, and analysing new, non-experimental data optimizes the production and makes agriculture more resilient to climatic change.\fs56\cell\fs24 Published: 05 July 2017 \fs56\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs24 BOOKS REFERRED:\par
\trowd\trgaph72\trleft60\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2715\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8460 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Dr. Anil Maheshwari-\par
1 July 2017\cell Data Analytics Made Accessible\cell\row\trowd\trgaph72\trleft60\trrh1530\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2715\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8460 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2  Mohiuddin Ahmed (Editor), Al-Sakib Khan Pathan (Editor)\endash  30 June 2020\f0\cell Data Analytics: Concepts, Techniques, and Applications Paperback \cell\row\trowd\trgaph72\trleft60\trpaddl72\trpaddr72\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx2715\clbrdrl\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw1\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw1\brdrs \cellx8460 
\pard\intbl\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2 Eric Siegel  \f0\lang16393 -12 January 2016\f2\lang9\cell\f0 Predictive Analytics: The Power to Predict Who Will Click, Buy, Lie, or Die\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
OUTCOME:\par
Therefore crop yield estimation is very important in national and regional scale. Crop yield is necessary, particularly in countries that depend on agriculture as their main source of economy. Such predictions warn the decision makers about potential reduction in crop yields and allow timely import and export decision.As a result of penetration of technology into agriculture field, there is a marginal improvement in the productivity. The  innovations have  led to  new concepts  like digital  agriculture, smart  farming, precision agriculture  etc.  In the  literature,  it  has  been  observed  that  analysis has  been  done  on  agriculture soils,  hidden patterns discovery using data set related to climatic conditions and crop yields data. The activities of agriculture field are numerous like weather forecasting, soil quality assessment, seeds selection, crop yield prediction etc. In  this survey,  the specific  activity, crop yield prediction has  been surveyed  and the major trends have been identified. The  survey  outcomes  indicate  the  need  for  improved  techniques  in  crop  yield  analytics.  There exists a lot of research scope in this research area.   \fs56\par
}
 